{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;\red63\green127\blue95;
\red127\green159\blue191;\red42\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;
\csgenericrgb\c49804\c62353\c74902;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.FileInputStream;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.FileOutputStream;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.IOException;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.time.Duration;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.util.ArrayList;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.util.Iterator;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.Cell;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.CellType;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.Row;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFSheet;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFWorkbook;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.By;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.WebElement;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.chrome.ChromeDriver;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.ExpectedConditions;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.WebDriverWait;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  org.testng.Assert;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 class
\f1\b0 \cf0  UploadDownload \{\
\
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf3 args\cf0 ) 
\f0\b \cf2 throws
\f1\b0 \cf0  IOException \{\
		\cf4 // 
\f0\b \cf5 TODO
\f1\b0 \cf4  Auto-generated method stub\cf0 \
\
		String \cf3 fruitName\cf0  = \cf6 "Apple"\cf0 ;\
		String \cf3 updatedValue\cf0  = \cf6 "603"\cf0 ;\
		String \cf3 fileName\cf0  = \cf6 "/Users/rahulshetty/downloads/download.xlsx"\cf0 ;\
		WebDriver \cf3 driver\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  ChromeDriver();\
		\cf3 driver\cf0 .manage().timeouts().implicitlyWait(Duration.
\f2\i ofSeconds
\f1\i0 (7));\
		\cf3 driver\cf0 .get(\cf6 "https://rahulshettyacademy.com/upload-download-test/index.html"\cf0 );\
		\cf4 //download\cf0 \
		\
		\cf3 driver\cf0 .findElement(By.
\f2\i cssSelector
\f1\i0 (\cf6 "#downloadButton"\cf0 )).click();\
		\
		\cf4 //Edit excel - getColumnNumber of Price -getRownumber of APple-> update excel with row,\ul col\cf0 \ulnone \
			
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 col\cf0  =
\f2\i getColumnNumber
\f1\i0 (\cf3 fileName\cf0 ,\cf6 "price"\cf0 );\
			
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 row\cf0  = 
\f2\i getRowNumber
\f1\i0 (\cf3 fileName\cf0 ,\cf6 "Apple"\cf0 );\
			Assert.
\f2\i assertTrue
\f1\i0 (
\f2\i updateCell
\f1\i0 (\cf3 fileName\cf0 ,\cf3 row\cf0 ,\cf3 col\cf0 ,\cf3 updatedValue\cf0 ));\
		\
		\
		\
		\cf4 //upload\cf0 \
		WebElement \cf3 upload\cf0  =\cf3 driver\cf0 .findElement(By.
\f2\i cssSelector
\f1\i0 (\cf6 "input[type='file']"\cf0 ));\
		\cf3 upload\cf0 .sendKeys(\cf6 "/Users/rahulshetty/downloads/download.xlsx"\cf0 );\
		\
		\
		\cf4 //wait for success message to show up and wait for disappear\cf0 \
		By \cf3 toastLocator\cf0  = By.
\f2\i cssSelector
\f1\i0 (\cf6 ".Toastify__toast-body div:nth-child(2"\cf0 );\
		WebDriverWait \cf3 wait\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  WebDriverWait(\cf3 driver\cf0 ,Duration.
\f2\i ofSeconds
\f1\i0 (10));\
		\cf3 wait\cf0 .until(ExpectedConditions.
\f2\i visibilityOfElementLocated
\f1\i0 (\cf3 toastLocator\cf0 ));\
		String \cf3 toastText\cf0  = \cf3 driver\cf0 .findElement(\cf3 toastLocator\cf0 ).getText();\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf7 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf3 toastText\cf0 );\
		Assert.
\f2\i assertEquals
\f1\i0 (\cf6 "Updated Excel Data Successfully."\cf0 ,\cf3 toastText\cf0 );\
		\
		\cf3 wait\cf0 .until(ExpectedConditions.
\f2\i invisibilityOfElementLocated
\f1\i0 (\cf3 toastLocator\cf0 ));\
			\
		\cf4 //verify updated excel data showing in the web table\cf0 \
		String \cf3 priceColumn\cf0 = \cf3 driver\cf0 .findElement(By.
\f2\i xpath
\f1\i0 (\cf6 "//div[text()='Price']"\cf0 )).getAttribute(\cf6 "data-column-id"\cf0 );\
		String \cf3 actualPrice\cf0  = \cf3 driver\cf0 .findElement(By.
\f2\i xpath
\f1\i0 (\cf6 "//div[text()='"\cf0 +\cf3 fruitName\cf0 +\cf6 "']/parent::div/parent::div/div[@id='cell-"\cf0 +\cf3 priceColumn\cf0 +\cf6 "-undefined']"\cf0 )).getText();\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf7 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf3 actualPrice\cf0 );\
		Assert.
\f2\i assertEquals
\f1\i0 (\cf3 updatedValue\cf0 , \cf3 actualPrice\cf0 );\
		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
	\}}